there are a couple of major trend lines
that we can follow in my life one is
that as my kids get older they're
getting louder and more annoying meaning
that i'm gonna need a quiet place to
just go and
spend time just with myself where they
can't bother me number two is that the
transportation industry is changing to
the point where we're not gonna need
personal vehicles anymore once
autonomous cars take over the world so
we're gonna get right out ahead of both
of those trend lines and sponsored by lg
i am going to be converting one of the
base of my two-car garage into
a home theater setup and because i'm a
cheapskate we're gonna be doing it as
cheaply as possible
[Music]
a few things make me feel more suburban
than cleaning out my garage
don't worry this is not used my kids
aren't even in diapers anymore though
paintball gear i haven't touched in
years
next thing
i just want to make the space like a
little bit more livable right now it
looks very
garagey and
cobwebby you know stuff like that
thankfully for that
there's the dyson v10 no i'm just
kidding guys
i'd probably fill up the reservoir on
that thing like four times vacuuming
this place out
now under normal circumstances for a job
this small you would just break out the
brush and roller but uh
i treated myself to an airless sprayer
recently
so we're gonna spray it
this may be a mistake
it's been a while since i've used this
thing so this could be interesting the
most important thing when you're
painting though is always to wear the
proper attire ltdstore.com actually i
really shouldn't wear this i don't want
to destroy it no one ever talks about
this
but guys this is what happens to every
shirt that you bring home for someone
from your vacation they don't care about
your vacation
well it's been a while
so let's start with the most critical
parts that we're very likely to see in
the finished project here just kidding
let's go with the top of this
now normally i would mock anyone who
suggests just lay it on thick and do it
in one coat but we're in a bit of a
hurry here so we're just going to lay it
on thick and do it in one coat
[Music]
okay
no problem
so for anyone who was wondering if it
was worth it to set up the sprayer
the answer is
oh hard to say
is that even an improvement was that
even like worthwhile
because it's hard to tell if we don't
take this off
yeah that does look better doesn't it
let's bring in the tv so this oh my
goodness it's 120 pounds is lg's newest
2019 nano cell and this is the biggest
tv that i will have ever had in my house
it is 86 inches and even lg knows that
this thing
is a two-hander
if you know what i mean okay so are you
actually reading the instructions for a
chain i mean this thing is so big and so
heavy we might actually need to read the
instructions right unpack it
well it looks like it's one of it's
obviously one of the boxes that you take
off over the top okay but it also says
that you should open this first
grab the manual look at the manual
oh all right there's a picture of a guy
holding a square i think he's reading
i mean
there's so much box look at this you
have to like walk around it you have to
travel have we reached a practical limit
to how big tvs can be before people
cannot transport them into their homes
this one also has a feature that lg
calls nano accuracy which is all about
keeping the colors looking the same
regardless of how wide your viewing
angle is and actually you know it's
funny you you would think that we
wouldn't need that in a room this size
but with a tv this size sitting dead
center you could be looking at the top
corner of it from a 15 degree angle
especially if we
have to get closer to it than you
normally would because this is a huge tv
and not
not that big of a room yeah
space tv
the tv from space you know what i
actually think i remember why they put
them in these if they're being shipped
by container if you end up in the top
container you can actually get a lot of
sun and a lot of heat so they roast the
tv like a potato no no the shiny side's
on the outside james
i hope that's not how you roast your
chicken because you've been eating a lot
of raw chicken dude
so the instructions say we need a table
to set it up fortunately
we've also got furniture for this setup
here i think we have a coffee table and
this thing's so big though it's
it's gonna just dwarf the coffee table
we can make it work so i figured since
we have this as our backdrop yeah i
thought
i would double down on the old wood and
go for a complete like 90s aesthetic
with this furniture and by 90s i mean it
was old in the 90s i'm into old wood hit
it i haven't actually seen all the
furniture yet so uh
oh wow
[Music]
so you want this to look like someone's
man cave
full of the cast off furniture they
picked up on craigslist for free
30 years ago
i want it to be like the basement in
that 70s show
i mean the thing is 86 inches you know
sounds like 30 more than 65 inches but
it's not
it is a lot bigger
is this even wide enough did we check
this before we end up for the stand got
it
okay
it's only about two inches different
all right very sure this is not the
right way to do this okay here we go
that's some good screwing thanks
i thought you'd like it do you want some
depth of field some depth of field you
want to be able to walk but behind and
do the cables easily oh no because we
can just open the door
what's up now
yes and one two three oops
oh thanks andy this is a three-person
job
setting up this tv
i'm trying to use my forearm against the
panel so it's not too much pressure in a
small area
oh my goodness is this stand gonna fit
on this thing like is it deep close we
already hitting the roof is it on there
barely
that is a lot of tv
it actually looks so thin relative to
how wide it is
yeah even though it's not thin at all
i'm okay to be i'm not saying it's
unreasonable like it's got full array
local dimming so i understand like it
has to be a little bit thicker you get
that contrast but like it's not thin by
today's standards
yeah compared to like algae yeah uh
james
do we have any other equipment that
we're planning to hook up to this thing
or what
it's a sound bar
right i don't know where we're gonna put
it
right this stand's really big
well the tv is really big and naturally
this is like
not just some pin or little sound bar
it's
dolby atmos 570 watt the biggest baddest
one they make yeah perfect that's
all right cool i mean it's cool but it's
like where did we put it now tell me was
your idea to mount the sound bar to the
front of this my idea is really stupid
okay it's not like really usable okay
you grab this end yeah and go over there
yeah
pull out your drawer pull out your
drawer i'm not pulling off my drawer
i will humor you but we're not doing
this
no
that's terrible i mean it's on there
this is a very cool feature
wow but i gotta say it feels a little
out of place in the garage no man we're
classing up the drive just wait
classing up the joint speaking of
clasping up the joint uh why don't we go
ahead and roll out the the welcome rug
here
this this is not the uh it's not
awe-inspiring i think it might be
smaller than the tv one two row
it's pretty small
we need some like
wall hangings and like we got to class
it up another notch or two okay well i
brought some artworks so okay
so if i have this way off the wall like
that is that cheating like if freaking
sauron is like saruman whatever okay uh
i have some nails should we just put
nails on the wall and mount some mount
some pictures it's not like the wall's
not full holes anymore nails you don't
want to ruin the wall we could put
screws in this wall for all i care
the height has been chosen
that's great all right sorry man
draggy boy
the fiercest
no don't stop well it ain't perfect
but given our budgetary constraints
and our refusal to use a tape measure
yeah
it's not bad
so something we haven't actually
made a point of clarifying up until this
point in the video is that part of the
deal here is we're doing all this on a
shoestring budget think about it
you want to build the ultimate garage
home theater setup you don't want to
spend a bunch of money furnishing your
garage you want to spend that money on
like the best possible
av setup so our total cost for all this
furniture is what
uh well
that was 50 canadian that table was 30
and the rug was 70. everything else is
free well this is pretty cool
yeah i figured uh even if none of us are
really into sports ball
it's a man cave
little league sports ball mind you
the only baseball us dad's watch
this couch stinks in the listing it was
inside a house and actually looked
purple but then when i got there he's
like yeah it's outside and it had been
raining so
with that said you know i still think
our setup here is representative of what
you could get if you just if you have a
little bit more time to vet your
craigslist sellers there was a lot of
free couches on there
actually the pillow doesn't even smell
that bad all right fine pillow
there's only one do we have like a place
to put the lamp or had we not really
gotten that far okay hold on hold on
oh wow we got an end table for free no
this was 30 bucks oh okay all right for
it to really feel like a 90s
kind of your parents friends house
an ashtray
that is exactly the ashtray that was in
every
yeah every 90s living room so james i
can live with the wall but i really
don't think we can leave the floor like
this here help me roll this up
we paid 70 for this used ikea carpet
yeah that's kind of brutal actually
no take backs how did i spend 70 on this
this thing sucks
okay
this totally is not going to go with the
room
but i think it's better than
having what we had and i don't think my
wife will notice it missing from the
living room
this is modern
i'm on a niche i've got some modern lego
pieces in it so it just popped up asking
us about google assistant so this thing
has google assistant it has us
um it's also got airplay 2 which is
pretty sweet so all the latest smart tv
features we're just going to go ahead
and update the firmware and then we're
pretty close to ready to rock actually
okay so i think that's it
it's so big
this is like the equivalent of sitting
in a theater
like the distance wise this is crazy
pizza's here oh hold on hold on no no
wait i got this okay okay
open the odyssey garage door
[Music]
come on in
what's up
we're just uh watching a movie yeah get
in the garage dude
thank you oh you take that yeah yeah
yeah i figured that was happening thank
you very much have a good night all
right take care okay should we fire up
something with hdr yeah and crank the
sound
sure the white's pretty bright hey you
know what's really nice about good full
array local dimming is you actually get
black bars instead of
gray glowy bluey bars from sitting here
those black bars are as black as the
sound bars yeah i love the amount of
detail in this movie just the way that
the pieces have fingerprints on them and
stuff i want to eat some pizza we
haven't actually eaten any pizza yet
now we want to play some games but we
need to wait for this xbox update but
that's fine because it actually gives me
an opportunity to talk about some of the
cool features this tv has for gaming so
because it's equipped with hdmi 2.1 that
means you've got variable refresh rate
support not just for xboxes but also
devices that support hdmi vrr so what's
cool is all for the hdmi ports will go
okay hey this is a latency sensitive
application
boom low latency mode
pretty freaking awesome and they claim
about 15 to 16 milliseconds of input lag
which is i mean that's down to
one frame pretty awesome
it is amazing
how noticeable it is
when you're looking at 1080p content on
a screen this big
we definitely should have brought an
xbox one x
i can't get over how big the screen is
dude you should rent out this garage we
got that mini fridge just get a hot
plate in here
it's a sick setup
wow
[Laughter]
oh he's on fire that's cool
yeah that looks awesome oh it's freaking
awesome
so that's it for a couple hundred bucks
if we factor in that we you know
borrowed art from the office and we
would have had to obtain like
some posters and cheap frames i am
blown away by how
usable this is
and the cool thing is because we're in a
garage which is inherently full of
clutter
we actually don't end up with a lot of
the audio echoing that you might
normally deal with with an open room
with a concrete floor so uh massive
shout out to lg for hooking us up with
of course the tech aspect of this which
was obviously more than a couple hundred
bucks and of course sponsoring this
video thanks to you guys for watching
and i think that pretty much wraps it
you know this turned out so good i think
i might
i might just not leave
you actually look like a homeless person
on my couch
i'm not homeless i live here now